  --------------------------------------------------------
  Data quality Profiling with a Collaborative experience
  --------------------------------------------------------

[YData Fabric](https://ydata.ai/products/fabric) is a Data-Centric AI
development platform. YData Fabric provides all capabilities of
ydata-profiling in a hosted environment combined with a guided UI
experience.

[Fabric\'s Data Catalog](https://ydata.ai/products/data_catalog)
provides a comprehensive and powerful tool designed to enable data
professionals, including data scientists and data engineers, to manage
and understand data within an organization. The Data Catalog act as a
searchable repository, that captures the schema and metadata, while
providing a unified view of all datasets.

# Profiling in a Data Catalog

## 1. Built-in connectors

Fabric\'s Data Catalog experience, provides pre-configured interfaces
for a variety of data data sources. The built-in connectors simplify and
expedite the data integration, while reducing developing time and
enhancing data availability ensuring reliable and consistent data
exchange.

## 2. Metadata management

The Data Catalog captures and stores automatically the datasets
metadata, providing essential information about your data types, source,
last time of update, relationships among other characteristics, such as
the presence of potential Personally identifiable Information (PII). It
supports automated metadata ingestion from a variety of data sources,
which allows to keep the catalog always up-to-date.

3\. Data profiling and relationships =================== An interactive
experience that allows to drill-down in a comprehensive data profiling
and relationship analysis, providing deep insights into data structure,
distributions and interactions for improved data preparation.

4\. Data quality indexes =================== Access and navigate
indicators and data quality statistics, such as completeness, uniqueness
and consistency. This feature ensures that your teams are working with
trusted, complete and reliable data while developing data initiatives.

## 5. Collaborative

The Data Catalog enables a collaborative experience through dataset
descriptions and tags for ease of search. This fosters collaboration
among team members, sharing domain knowledge and experience, and leading
to better, more informed decisions.

6\. Security and Compliance =================== Through built-in
connectors and flexible infrastructure enforce data access control per
users and per project. YData Fabric Data Catalog helps in maintinaing
regulatory compliance by identifying any sensitive data.

Try today the Catalog experience in with [Fabric Community
version](http://ydata.ai/register?utm_source=ydata-profiling&utm_medium=documentation&utm_campaign=YData%20Fabric%20Community)!
